[Music]
hi guys might just be the most exciting
video I feel like I've ever filmed today
I'm going to take you to some higher
protein lower cow donors yet that is
right and these are the most like moist
and tasty things ever considering that
they have like a lot less sugar and
calories than your normal doughnuts like
this haste insane
I made these earlier this week and I was
just absolutely gobsmacked so the ones
I'm going to make in are like a
chocolate kind of doughnut they're
really quick and easy like pretty
minimal ingredients and only take like
10 to 15 minutes in the universe so it's
just a huge win-win
Before we jump straight into it if you
could hit this video with a like I will
really appreciate it and we're just
gonna dive straight in and first things
first make sure you have preheated your
oven to 180 degrees and then I'm just
gonna show you what you need so this is
everything that you will need to make
the donuts so I'm just using some
natural fat-free yogurt some funny
organic honey some coconut oil some
baking powder some raw cacao powder and
also some hot chocolate powder you could
use like just the one but I prefer to
like mix it up but I prefer to mix the
two I think you taste so much nicer and
then some vanilla extract some oats
which I'm going to make into like an oat
flour in just a second and then oh love
that nice mash there and just one egg so
first thing I'm gonna do is measure out
hundred grams of oats and then combine
them in the blender to make like an oat
flour not like tun absolute fine flour I
like leaving them slightly bigger it's
not right
so other than the ingredients the other
thing you're going to need is boner
holders to go in the oven I picked up
these silicone molds from Amazon became
Next Day Delivery as always and didn't
take note when you're baking with
silicone is that generally I find it
takes a little bit longer to cook then
like your other material of my baking
trays that kind of thing just because it
doesn't get as hot because the material
yeah other than that I find them so much
easier because they're so easy to clean
and stuff doesn't get stuck to them as
easily so yeah these are really cheap on
Amazon so I'll leave these links below
and then to actually pull the donut
mixture into each one I'm just using one
of these like freezable bags and then
I'm just gonna chop off the end this
works really really well I see it
hopefully you will have something like
this now I'm just going to mix my dry
ingredients in One Bowl and then the wet
and the other and here is my oath
[Music]
I'm just gonna measure out 12 grams of
cacao powder I'm just using at my scales
to do the measurement and then 13 grams
of this Belgian hot chocolate powder I
really like these options one and it's a
little bit like less sugar and lower
calorie than a lot of the hot chocolate
brands and just one teaspoon of baking
powder as well
[Music]
and I'm just going to set that aside and
do the right ingredients so I'm just
taking a microwavable container and then
measuring out 25 grams of coconut oil
and and microwaving that to melt it so
the coconut oil is completely melted and
then I'm just gonna add the rest of the
ingredients so one whole egg a teaspoon
of vanilla extract 85 grams of organic
honey 80 grams as well or yogurt I'm
just gonna mix this
[Music]
North kind of she just be pulled in
leave the dry
[Music]
I'm just going to take a bit of fry
light and just spray my donut holders
just as it doesn't stick and then the
next thing is make sure you just pour it
in a mixture into the plastic bag and
then I'll show you how to pop it in the
donut holder but this is a fun part so
I'm just going to close this bag and
then I'm just gonna snip off at the end
don't ask why I have these like school
scissors it's like I don't know where
these have come from to quite honest but
the last time I had scissors like these
was in school so yeah see yeah I'm just
gonna snip that end off this is the most
satisfying thing so pops for the donuts
have gone in and they taste about 15
minutes but I reckon if you're using
like a pan rather than the silicon donut
dish it'll probably take a little less
time because that heat some up and they
cook a bit differently guys I find in
there so I'm gonna test it after 2 mins
I'm just going to prod it with a wooden
stick and see if it comes out clean and
go from there so these are just come out
of the oven
did you leave them in here for a couple
minutes 15 minutes I was the perfect
time for these I'm just gonna pop these
on too cold looks so good some Curly's
are not calling back for at 10 minutes
before I put on all the top 10 so I'm
gonna make life a little protein
it-it's just using some vanilla whey and
then a little bit of yogurt and then I'm
choosing the vanilla flavor and I'm just
gonna sprinkle some cacao nibs when
another one I'm going to use this with
sweet freedom chocolate spread it's only
13 calories per teaspoon and gonna put
some milk chopped almonds on top of this
another one I'm going to use Cermak
cashew butter I am obsessed with this
nut butter and I'm just gonna sprinkle
some almond flakes on at the top of this
run a little bit
[Music]
they are finished donut smell so nice
that from here they smell so strong and
they yeah you just like really mix up
all your toppings we like all your
favorites just like I have done and but
yeah that's just so much you can do I'm
there honestly tastes absolutely amazing
so brings us to the end of this video I
can't wait to dive into these in a
second
I really hope you enjoyed it it's not so
good do you let me know like what other
recipes you would like to see next and
also I'll absolutely love to see any of
your recreations over on my Instagram
and we have really recommend giving
these to go you will not be disappointed
if you haven't already agreed to stick
around by subscribing enjoying the pan
and I'll see you guys in the next video
[Music]
so I marched in the middle they lasted
that was less than two minutes from
there
[Music]
guys I just completely forgot to mention
it but we have got volume to you a cheat
code dessert edition coming this Sunday
the 12th of July I am so excited it's
available for pre-order now so I'll
leave the link to that in the
description box